feat: public option to disable memory introspection (#8571)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Breaking Changes

> - Add `enableMemoryIntrospection` option to allow users to control memory introspection in crash reports, defaults to false (was previously true) (#7501)

Reviewer: `h`: I would clearly point out the breakage of functionality, which is minor. You tested this previously. Please describe the change from a user's perspective in Sentry briefly. Basically, what's missing now. What we stop sending.

Author: Addressed in [db9a62a](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/pull/8571/commits/db9a62a8f7904ac6196cf391f78cd12abf5668b5)

Reviewer: > Please describe the change from a user's perspective in Sentry briefly. Basically, what's missing now. What we stop sending.

I think we still should address this. We don't send crash reports, but events. We should clearly state where in the event this data was sent, because most users won't even know.

Author: Do you have a better way to state this? I'm not super-familiar with the web UI and the terms that users are expecting (i.e. crash report vs sentry event). 

I added "[snip] will not be included in the event sent to Sentry, these are included in the 'message' subtitle shown in Sentry underneath the main issue title" - is there a better way to phrase that?

>   - We're making this breaking change because in some specific circumstances this could reveal PII if that information was on the stack when a crash happened

Reviewer: `m`: I would put the explanation of why we're shipping a strictly speaking breaking change first, so people really read it and stop wondering why we're doing that. Something like this could work.
```suggestion
- Due to a potential risk of revealing PII or security-relevant data in crash events in specific circumstances, we're shipping this strictly speaking breaking change in a minor version.
- Add `enableMemoryIntrospection` option to allow users to control memory introspection in crash reports, defaults to false (was previously true) (#7501)
```

>   - You can reenable this feature but setting the option to true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can re-enable this feature by setting the option `enableMemoryIntrospection` to true
```

## Unreleased

### Breaking Changes

> [!CAUTION]
> Due to a potential risk of revealing PII or security-relevant data in crash events in specific circumstances, we're shipping this strictly speaking breaking change in a minor version.

- Add `enableMemoryIntrospection` option to allow users to control memory introspection in crash reports, defaults to false (was previously true) (#7501)
  - You can re-enable this feature by setting the option `enableMemoryIntrospection` to true
  - With this option disabled, string stack contents found near the crash site will not be included in the event sent to Sentry, these are included in the 'message' subtitle shown in Sentry underneath the main issue title

>   - It should not affect the information used by you to determine a crash

Reviewer: `m`: I'm unsure if we need this.
```suggestion
```

## Unreleased

### Features

### Fixes

> - Add `enableMemoryIntrospection` option to control memory introspection in crash reports, defaults to false (#7501)

Reviewer: `h`: I think we have to be clear that this is strictly speaking a breaking change, but we do this due to security risk and PII risk. If people rely on this, they can enable this by turning it on to true.

Author: Noted, I'll expand this - thanks!

Author: Changed in b6cc8886e184 - I've moved it to a breaking changes section and added some details on why we're making the change and how to re-enable the feature.
